---
layout: article
author: bing0ne
title: "GSoC Week 3 Summary"
date: "2019-06-16T21:09:04+08:00"
tags: ['gsoc']
slug: "gsoc-week3"
categories: ["GSOC"]
description: "Summary of Week 3 of the Google Summer of Code"
---

This week is the third week of the Goog Summer of Code. I foucuesd on refactoring metric implementations and API endpoints.

<!--more-->

## Meeting log

**Date**: 10/06/2019, 11/06/2019, 12/06/2019

There are three meeting in this week. The first one is routine meeting, and the second and the third are meeting about the frontend part.

**Summary**

* Develop unit test for plugin `augur_db`
* Understand how front end work and trying to develop frontend for the metrics impelemted(issues releated is the most interested in curent phase)
* Add helper function to the forntend to adapte to new endpoint scheme



## Works Done this Week

* Developed unit tests for metric implemetned
* Implemented helper function for the frontend to adapt to new endpoint scheme 
* Added unit tests for API endpoints 

### Pull Request Created

* [chaoss/augur#295](https://github.com/chaoss/augur/pull/295)

## Challenges

* Vue.js is brand new field for me. I took a very long time to understand how Augur frontend works. Firstly, I misunderstand how frontend part mapping endpint to 
 js functions. I belived we should create a new class for `repo_group`. However, I found we can simply added helper functions into class `repo` when I started 
 to implement it. But the frontend still cann't keep and pass new attributes `repo_group_id` and `repo_id`. I need to modify a lot of files to make it work in the future.

## Plans for next week

* Make modification on frontend part make it works with new helper function
* Developing a few metrics on the frontend 
