---
layout: article
author: bing0ne
title: "GSoC Week 1 Summary"
date: "2019-06-03T15:03:04+08:00"
tags: ['gsoc']
slug: "gsoc-week1"
categories: ["GSOC"]
description: "Summary of Week 1 of the Google Summer of Code"
---

This past week is the first week of the Google Summer of Code.

<!--more-->


## Works Done this Week

 @parthsharma2 and I were supposed to implement evolution metrics. I foucuesed on [Community Growth Metrics](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-evolution/blob/master/focus_areas/community_growth.md).

### Metrics Implemented 
* Contributors
    * Return a timeseries of all the contributions to a project.
* New Contributors
    * Returns a timeseries of the number of new contributors to a project.
* New Contributors of Commits
    * Returns a timeseries of the count of persons contributing with an accepted commit for the first time.
* New Contributors of Issues
    * Returns a timeseries of the count of persons opening an issue for the first time.
* New Contributors closing Issues
    * Returns a timeseries of the count of persons closing an issue for the first time.
* Sub-Projects
    * Returns number of sub-projects

### Pull Request Created

* [chaoss/augur#287](https://github.com/chaoss/augur/pull/287): Implement Evolution Metrics in Community Growth Area 

## Meeting Summary

We meet at Tue 28th May 2019.

* Discussed the new data schema on Postgre and new architecture of Augur
* New metrics implementations based on new data schema
* Work on implementing Evolution metrics in Community Growth Area 

## Plans for next week

* Implement endpoints for both `repo_group` and `repo`
* Add metrics to router and write Documents 
* Implement unit test for metrics.
